Changes and updates in L1 & L2 (#1)
pupilfirst/ev101-scripts: L1 Welcome to EV101 course/Introduction.md

# EV 101: Introduction to Electric Vehicles

> This course is designed to introduce you to Electric Vehicles, and provide you a comprehensive understanding about why electric vehicles are important .Through this course, you will gain a basic technical foundation about electric vehicles and underlying technologies associated in EV vehicle development. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This course is designed to introduce you to Electric Vehicles, and provide you a comprehensive understanding about why electric vehicles are important. Through this course, you will gain a basic technical foundation about electric vehicles and underlying technologies associated in EV vehicle development. 
```

> Setting a foundation for you to move  on to advanced electric vehicle courses in the future.

Reviewer: @vsharma2288 This sentence seems dangling.
```suggestion
This course will also set a foundation for you to move  on to advanced electric vehicle courses in the future.
```
